[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
film the wandering earth
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the year 2061 the sun is rapidly
degenerating to its limit
and starts expanding it will engulf
earth in 100 years
and the solar system will die in 300
years
in order to deal with this cataclysmic
catastrophe humankind has united like
never seen before
and founded the united earth government
ten thousand earth engines have been
constructed around the equator area
so as to propel earth out of the dying
solar system with energy generated from
the fusion reaction
and thus flee away to a new home located
4.2 light years away
meanwhile a huge space station for
navigation has been built for that
mission
astronauts who have been selected for
the mission will spend at least dozens
of years at the station
before they return to earth and with the
engines propelling earth to move
increasingly farther away from sun
the earth's surface is no longer
suitable for humans to live
as it's getting freezing cold moreover
as earth stops rotating
natural disasters including tsunamis
happen a lot
claiming numerous human lives therefore
the uae has constructed one adjacent
city under each earth engine
to shelter the desperate people before
earth's arrival
its new home humans will live their life
there however
due to the limited space not everyone is
accepted to the underground city
only those who have won the drawing lots
can obtain the rights to live
underground
seventeen years later the first batch of
the astronauts
including the astronaut lou will start
their journey back to earth the next day
all the other underground citizens are
eagerly anticipating their arrival
except for lou's son who's grown up to
be a deviant boy
and unable to forgive the astronaut
fathers lying that he would come
back home soon for his left behind by
his father since he was only four years
old
therefore evian has been brought up by
his grandfather
deviant plans to sneak away before his
dad comes back to earth
he manages to get a fake identity and
some thermal suits from the criminal
gangs
then he takes his foster sister out of
the underground shelter to earth's
surface
they rush to a heavy transport vehicle
which belongs to their grandfather
and is very difficult to handle without
years training indicating that deviant
has been planning for the trip for a
long time
on the way deviant and the foster sister
are arrested at a temporary checkpoint
and are then sent to jail the
grandfather soon learns about it
and tries to get them out however
instead of getting them out
he successfully gets himself in jail due
to his attempted bribe to free his
grandson out
now the three are reunited just when
they are trying to work out a way to get
out of the jail
a devastating earthquake happens they
escape the prison
and jump into the grandfather's truck it
turns out that the earthquake is caused
by the strong gravity of jupiter
and the gravity is now causing earth to
divert from its original course
resulting in an upcoming collision with
jupiter in 37 hours
most of the earth engines and steering
gears are out of function now
and the global radio is now reporting
that an emergency plan has been executed
to restart the earth engines if the 3.5
billion people don't
do something earth will disappear in no
time
meanwhile the space station is going to
implement a low consumption mode
communication services will be cut off
and all the astronauts will be put into
hibernation
military rescue teams are recruiting
trucks to transport lighter cores
that are used to start the engines the
grandfather's truck is stopped by one of
the rescue teams
and they are asked to join the team to
transport a lighter core to the city
hangzhou
where some engines locate human beings
now have to struggle hard to fight
against nature
years ago when earth stopped its
rotation sea flowed back to land
and turned earth into a water ball as
the temperature has sharply decreased
earth has now turned into a frozen ice
ball with many cities being
ice bound deviant and the others now
have to drive through the old town of
shanghai
so as to arrive in the city hangzhou
however earthquakes have frequently been
occurring due to jupiter's gravitational
spike
and unfortunately their only transporter
is destroyed in a deep ice covered
trench
as objects are keeping falling upon
however
the rescue team does not give up like
that they manage to get to the ground by
climbing up to the shanghai tower
and transport the lighter core with
their bare hands unfortunately
the grandfather freezes to death on the
way after being trapped in the tower
with the run out oxygen
while at the station before going into
hibernation
lou discovers that the station is
implementing the evacuation procedures
with the assessment result that earth is
doomed the uae has well planned that the
space station is served as an
interstellar arc
and earth is only an appendage might be
abandoned at any time
so lou manages to connect with his son
out there on earth but soon loses
connection
as the truck is destroyed he is greatly
concerned
so he manages to break out of the
hibernation cabin
then he successfully persuades another
russian cosmonaut to join him in saving
earth
the two decide to climb to the central
control module and stop the station
though lou eventually reaches the
control room the russian cosmonaut loses
his life with his helmet crack
however lou finds that the uae has
authorized the system to
fly in auto mode so no one is able to
manipulate the station manually
with jupiter's gravitational force
continuously thinning out earth's
atmosphere
human beings are getting more and more
desperate wondering whether they can go
through the crisis
when the rescue team eventually arrives
in the city hangzhou
they only find that hangzhou doesn't
need the lighter anymore
just when they decide to disband the
team they learn from the radio that the
sulawesi engines on the equator
are still waiting to be reactivated with
all the other earth engines having been
restarted already
thanks to the on team rescue missions
the team decide to transport the lighter
to sulawesi
however before they even arrive they
find that the sulawesi engines also have
been restarted by other unites
who arrived before them when everyone is
so excited about seeing
all the engines and torques having been
restarted expecting to go back home soon
a technical engineer finds that the
distance to jupiter is still decreasing
just then the ai system transmits the
final farewell broadcast to the world
announcing the jupiter's gravitational
pull has surpassed the combined power of
all engines
earth has missed its last chance of
escape and humans have the last seven
days to spend with their families
it turns out that the ai system has long
ago deduced out all possible outcomes
and the uae knows that the rescue
mission is predetermined to be a failure
at the space station lou is desperate to
speak to his son
while on earth deviant is also staring
at the sky missing his father deeply
though he doesn't want to admit it he
still bears grudges against his father
for lying to him that he would return
home soon
and his running away from home is
actually an act to attract his father's
attention
then it suddenly occurs to deviant that
his father once told him that jupiter is
composed of 90
hydrogen deviant shouts excitedly to one
of the engineers
whether the mix of jupiter's and earth's
atmosphere is combustible
if it works the force generated by the
combustion will be sufficient to push
earth away
they decide to give it a shot though
with a low success rate
the team tries to ask for assistance
from the nearby rescue units
but no one responds some are rushing
back home to reunite with their beloved
ones
while others are trying to commit
suicide so the team has no choice
but to work on its own during the
process they meet many unexpected
difficulties as they are not
experts the foster sister keeps calling
for help through telecommunications
right then it occurs to her the deviant
has an emergency contact number
which can connect her to lou immediately
contacting her foster father
the girl tells him their plan and asks
for his help who asked the ugg to send a
global order
to ask the rescue units near sulawesi
for assistance
in the end the uae agrees and people all
over the globe hear the little girls
calling
which rekindles their courage to fight
till the last second
and they decide to return to help and
give it a last try
people from different countries even
though not able to communicate with each
other
are all working together in a way never
seen before
they finally successfully pushed the
firing pin of the engine to ignite
jupiter
everyone is waiting nervously and
excitedly hoping it would succeed
however all the three plasma beams fail
to reach the explosive range
and unfortunately the mission fails at
last
lou suddenly notices that there is
sufficient fuel left at the space
station
which can be used to ignite jupiter the
uae refuses his proposal at once
as its goal is to maximize the survival
of mankind and ensures the continuity of
human civilization
however lou argues that a civilization
without their home and families
is meaningless he uses a bottle of vodka
smuggled on board by the russian
cosmonaut to start a fire
thus disabling the ai system because
only in this way
he can control the station manually all
the other astronauts in the hibernation
capsules
have been injected by him and he is the
only one left at the station
he tearfully apologizes to deviant for
not keeping his words to a reunion with
him
and gives his last farewell then he
pilots the station towards jupiter
without any hesitation
a while later jupiter has been
successfully ignited and a strong
shockwave soon arrives at earth
causing catastrophic damage while at the
same time bringing humans the chance of
survival
soon after lou finally succeeds and
earth begins to be pushed away from
jupiter
and heads towards its new home deviant
and the foster sister narrowly survive
the shockwave
and start their new life in the
underground city
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out